so we had the shits on shouting and what
do you do you have lots of tablets yeah
this is good yeah and this is our new
model because this chipset is ain't a
you know this chasity and the mercury is
very famous because a lot of people they
sell this model and it also have a
different case and that's why this
morning is very popular because this is
a capacity and the number in the flange
the flesh is forgiving and the ram is a
five town house it can support the ETSU
North Ricky and if also support hdmi
okay and the mini USB external 3g inside
yeah I mean yeah sure because we it can
support Exxon or three day week I used
the University whose USB host you know
and they you know this internet cable
nice and i am going to show you know the
camera called i take the cameras good
for a very clear
as a camera
ok castalia you see
here we try and yeah we take photos okay
we'll come around the back yeah 00 d
yeah another bra style father we can
make the back side we can make the two
cameras rushes past and this is it cost
about 60 US dollar sixty US dollar 50 US
dollar and so you have also other device
you have yes and this way this way the
5-inch because this is you know who the
more the final another alpha mu cos very
attractive because we not seems like a
bovine ballerina for Zoe target yeah all
inhabit lies in the olive oil I guess
jamacha cost and this way to talk about
5050 yeah with a 45 inch here is 5 inch
wedge capacity no is released
what other other one you really like
this one is called this one is very slim
the stream and also this wagon on the
givers is this way even without hdmi
nothing for worship 813 yeah yeah false
positive he has a certain yes so as
cheap it's cheap d know how much because
this way i think is 48 us thought
48-year ok ok yeah ok yeah that's cool
because this way is also capacitive the
very nice very small in a scrape yea yea
verily yea very closely you can see I
mean how good is the screen because this
is the capacity but as a bad good
capacity bad capacity what capacity this
is Serena is from 55 points touch my
contacts before
and let's let's try okay with this
this present
so here we have yeah yeah are you
cheating with five fingers yeah
that's easy easy way to beat it yeah
just swipe the whole screen oh that's
very nice and accelerometer yeah it can
support or teasing yeah how heavy is
this I think it's less 0.24 FES yeah 0.4
lk dat ya feel seems like yeah we're
like
so how many order you need 48 US dollar
American people need to order me memory
yes
we have
really yeah 10 pieces 10 G's you want 10
pcs we can give to all your family all
their priorities into we can provide the
trailer if we have start a non-problem
okay even the customers want to make
their love
so where is your limit our office
invest in shares Enya yeah because we
are we are manifest for Shanghai put
4888 a check out
you